fix: handle builds with trimpath enabled (#120)
gkampitakis/go-snaps: README.md

> [!NOTE]
> If your snapshot data contain characters `---` at the start of a line followed by a new line, `go-snaps` will "escape" them and save them as `/-/-/-/` to differentiate them from termination characters.

## Known Limitations

- When running a specific test file by specifying a path `go test ./my_test.go`, `go-snaps` can't track the path so it will mistakenly mark snapshots as obsolete.
- go-snaps doesn't handle CRLF line endings. If you are using Windows, you may need to convert the line endings to LF.

> - go-snaps doesn't work when running with `go test -trimpath ./...`. If you want to use `go-snaps` and `trimpath` try passing from env with `GOFLAGS=-trimpath`.

Reviewer: I would maybe rewrite it a little to make the inherent problem clear to a user who has not encountered the issues yet:
```suggestion
- go-snaps cannot determine the snapshot path automatically when running with `go test -trimpath ./...`. It then instead relies on the current working directory to define the snapshot directory. If this is a problem in your use case you can set an absolute path with `snaps.WithConfig(snaps.Dir("/some/absolute/path"))`
```
